okay my name is growing pot some partner
here at three counties echo on hospital
and we're in the radiography suite which
is the x-ray suite where horses are
x-ray this is a static machine we also
have a portable machine for use in the
field but animals are basically in
hospital and being investigated for
perhaps lameness issues for bad teeth
for head injuries even for chest issues
bad backs etc all those things will need
x-ray again it's conducted in this room
using this machine this machine
generates the x-rays that are emitted
from this head here and they're picked
up on a plate this is an x-ray plate and
an image is generated in there on the
plate which the computer processes into
the image on the screen that we can see
so it's all done digitally there is no
no film in as the used to be in the old
days this machine can be moved around
quite easily up and down side to side
and twisted our patient or standing here
sedated and we can move the machine
around and take as many x-rays as we
need radiography is just one of the
diagnostic techniques it's available to
investigate a horse's problems that it
may be that an animals have a bone scam
where problems are detected within the
bones we can discuss that in another
area but as a result of that we may end
up in here taking some x-rays
alternatively it may be a horse that's
been lame it's has some nerve blocks
done and an area of the horse's leg has
been isolated as being the painful area
and the first place to go to is usually
radiography or x-rays